Company: IXL Learning
Title: Recruiting Specialist
Location: San Mateo, CA
URL: https://www.ixl.com/company/careers/apply?gh_jid=8861477002

IXL Learning, developer of personalized learning products used by millions of people globally, is seeking a motivated Recruiting Specialist to join our team. In this role, you will focus on the vital early stages of our hiring process, serving as a primary reviewer for incoming job applications. You will also handle recruiting for our software engineering summer internship positions.  

Our ideal candidate thrives in a fast-paced environment and possesses a sharp eye for detail. As a self-motivated team player, you excel at high-volume application screening without losing sight of the human element. You are a clear, authentic communicator who takes pride in building meaningful connections, providing exceptional candidate care, and serving as an enthusiastic ambassador for IXL’s culture.

This position requires you to be in our San Mateo, CA, headquarters office. #LI-EM1

WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING


Review inbound applications and evaluate qualifications against defined criteria to help identify top candidates

Participate in kickoff meetings with recruiters and hiring managers to align on ideal profiles and screening criteria

Collaborate with recruiting team members and hiring managers to understand evolving business needs and continue to calibrate on candidate profiles

Recruit for software engineer summer internship positions, ensuring a positive experience for candidates from application to onboarding

Maintain accurate records in Greenhouse ATS


WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR


Bachelor’s degree required

1+ years of relevant experience in recruiting, some technical recruiting experience is a plus

Interest in learning to review and evaluate technical candidate profiles

Experience with screening candidate resumes and assessing skills and qualifications

Excellent interpersonal and communication skills

Strong attention to detail, organizational and time management skills

Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, high-growth environment

Excellent event and project/program coordination skills

Energetic and eager to learn, with a constant drive to improve skills

Experience with Greenhouse or other ATS, Google Suite a plus

Passionate about education and technology


The base salary range for this full-time position is $71,000 to $80,000 + benefits. Our pay ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position. Individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. 
ABOUT IXL LEARNING

IXL Learning is the country's largest EdTech company. We reach millions of learners through our diverse range of products. For example:


1 in 4 students in the United States uses IXL.com

Rosetta Stone provides an immersive learning experience for 25 languages

Wyzant is the nation's largest community of tutors, covering 300+ subjects

Teachers Pay Teachers (TPT) is a comprehensive marketplace for millions of educator-created resources


Our mission is to create innovative products that will make a real, positive difference for learners and educators and we're looking for passionate, mission-minded people to join us in achieving this goal. We have a unique culture at IXL that fosters collaboration and the open exchange of ideas. We value our team and treat one another with kindness and respect. We approach our work with passion, tenacity, and authenticity. We find it immensely satisfying to develop products that impact the lives of millions and we are eager to have you join our team.


At IXL, we value diversity in age, race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, physical and mental ability, political and religious beliefs, and life experience, and we are proud to promote a work environment where everyone, from any background, can do their best work. IXL Learning is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against applicants and employees based on any legally protected category.
